Add images to explain the syntax (#1446)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/synapse-properties/synapse-expressions.md

- **Single-line expressions**: Perform complex operations in a single line. (See [comparison]({{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/synapse-expressions-comparison/#single-line-expression-vs-multiple-jsonpath-evaluations) for a detailed explanation.)
- **Access to system elements**: Access properties, variables, configurations, headers, registry content, secrets, and parameters. (See [accessing values]({{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/synapse-expressions-syntax/#accessing-values) section in the syntax guide.)

> - **Rich set of functions**: Manipulate data using string, math, date-time and a lot of other misc functions. (See [functions]({{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/synapse-expressions-syntax/#functions) section in the syntax guide.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Rich set of functions**: Manipulate data using string, math, date-time, and many other misc functions. (See [functions]({{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/synapse-expressions-syntax/#functions) section in the syntax guide.)
```
